

Class,

 [Please read all of this and ask any questions you need to]

Update on your grades:

In your GitHub folder I have added a file called “grade update.txt”.  This is a text file that lets you know what you are still missing for this Fall’s assignments.  If you have completed them please make sure you:

 

1.            Copy the text from the last page of Codecademy into a .HTML file.

2.            Save the .HTML file with a name like “ObjectsII.html” in your GitHub folder.

3.            Let me know when I need to check it.

 

If you have questions about assignments that you still owe me please let me know ASAP!!!! You don’t want to work over the Christmas break.

 

FINAL EXAM

Now for the final exam, as we discussed in class the test is to fix the formatting of a javascript file (script.js) that is working but is formatted badly (aka UGLY).  In each of your GitHub folders I have created a folder called “FormatTheCode”.  You need to edit the script.js file in YOUR FormatTheCode folder and correct the formatting errors.

Official assignment date: December 15th

Due date: Close of business December 19th (mid-night Friday)

 

 

Grade scale:

50%: Did you format it correctly?  I will take 5% off for every case of bad formatting that is left in the program on Friday at mid-night.

 

50%: Does it still work.  If it does you get the full 50%, if not you get 0%.  This is hash but you would not buy a video game that didn’t work, your boss won’t pay you for code that doesn’t work, and I don’t give credit for programs that don’t work.  Remember it works now, just don’t break it. 

 

Suggestion: Make small changes to the format then run (test) the program.  If it still works then continue to clean up the code, if not fix what you just broke.

 

HELP, yes I will be glad to help you between now and Friday the 19th .  You can get help two ways:

1.            Ask me in class or email me and we can setup a Skype call.

2.            Put your question in a comment in the code and email me to let me know you added a question to the code.  You can also just email me a question but if you add a comment in the code I can reply with a comment in the code as well, either way is acceptable.

 

FAQ:

Q: Can I look at other peoples code?  

A: Yes, everyone will be using GitHub and if you are clever you can even see when others check in their code.  Just don’t blatantly copy their code, this is a test.

 

Q: Can we work together.

A:  Yes, just please do your own work, but you can help others or get help from others.

 

Q: Are you serious about the Friday deadline

A: Yes, unless you make other arrangements I will do a “Git” at mid-night or shortly after that and grade what I find.  This your deadline, you can meet it, let me know why you need more time, or not meet the time limit. 

 

Q: How much does this test count?

A: 1,000 points or about ½ of your grade for the Fall.

Q: Is the question "Mr. Hurst, does my code look 100% OK" a valid question.
A: Wow, that's a great question, and yes you can ask that.  And I will be happy to answer it.  You can fix your code, ask me this quesion, and if I say it looks good you have a 100% on the test.

Q: What is the most important question I can ask about this test?

A: See the previous question.

Q: Can I get a "pass" on two home work assignments next Spring by doing something really simple that only requires me to actully read the assignment in detail.

A: Another great qustion and YES you can.  In your FormatTheCode folder create a file called 42.txt and put the phrase in it "This is " + state your name + " what was the question?" (obviously put your name where it says "state your name".  Save that file and check it in with your test work.  If I find the file in your folder you get two "passes" for homework in the spring.

Q: How can I loose the two passes you just mentioned?

A: Tell any of your class mates about this "free offer" and you will loose the "free passes"

 

 

In Christ,

 

 

Dennis W. Hurst

Founder

 

 

SaltWorks

    

{ Saltworks: "application security to support your business",

  URL      : "SaltworksSecurity.com",

  title    : "Founder",

  location : "Woodstock, GA",

  cell     : "(678)689-5035" }

 
